Main requirements:
	Sound effects
	Scoreboard - Events.TextTyped

Stretch goals:
	Theme-specific sound effects
	Prediction placement (ghost)

Lesson puzzles are the simplest type. These are puzzles that are designed to allow the player to discover a certain mechanic or interaction in an isolated way. Any new mechanic your game introduces should be introduced with one or more lesson puzzles.

Exam puzzles are sort of the "evil twin" of lessons. An exam puzzle requires the player to apply something (or multiple things) they know about the rules of the game. These are the primary source of difficulty in the main sequence of the game, and the type of puzzle that the player is most likely to be shaking their fist at. For an exam puzzle to be fair, the principles it's testing need to have been introduced in a lesson puzzle earlier.

Logic puzzles assume you understand all the mechanics involved and are aware of how to apply them, and the challenge derives from either figuring out what order to do things in, identifying red herrings, and generally understanding the puzzle in terms of a system of cause-and-effect relationships.
Breather puzzles are just what they sound like. These should not be the majority of your puzzles, but putting a short stretch of them after a difficult portion of the game is always welcome. Generally a breather puzzle is something designed around a simple but satisfying interaction. They're often a nice change of pace, but be careful not to overdo them. If your game is separated into groups of puzzles that can be done in any order, decreasing the number of breather puzzles in each group is a good way to ramp up difficulty without creating overwhelming spikes.

Mastery challenges are similar to exams or logic puzzles, but are testing deep knowledge of the game mechanics, complex logic, and often some substantial lateral thinking. These are the types of puzzles that may take hours to solve. While extremely satisfying to a hardcore player, this type of puzzle, with very few exceptions, should be optional.

Sound Effects required:
	Menu colors need to light when mouse hovers over

	Rotate Block (swoop)
	Move block (
	Drop Block
	Block 'step' down
	Win Game
	Lose Game
	Scoreboard Music
	